Bedroom/A lavish room with a large, four poster bed and a vanity with a mirror on top./Main Hall/Closet/Bathroom
Library/The library is one of the more old-fashioned rooms of the mansion. Lined top to bottom with shelves, the library is filled with thousands of novels purchased from all parts of the world. Beautifully clear windows peer over the garden, allowing an abundance of sunlight to fill the room. The library remains mostly untouched, as the mansion’s owners use it more as a collection room than an active library. Every now and again, members of the mansion may stop by, but for the most part, the room is left alone./Garden/Main Hall
Garden/The garden is probably one of the most beautiful parts of the mansion; it is filled with rows upon rows of flowers and other brightly colored plants. A specific portion of it is also dedicated to a butterfly garden that guests are welcome to walk through and enjoy. The area is used for a variety of events, mostly small parties, lunches, and other gatherings. Many members of the mansion stroll through the garden and take advantage of all the beauty it has to offer./Library
Closet/A storage room for all the cleaning essentials used by the manor's staff. A single lightbulb hangs in the center of the room./Bedroom
Main Hall/The great hall is a rectangular room about two times as long as it is wide, with a cavernous ceiling overhead. The walls are a mix of fine wood paneling, dotted with the occasional stained glass window. A breezy draft is coming through one of the windows, which has been shattered at some point during the night. The vast hall is decorated with an array of chandeliers,tapestries, and other expensive antiquities.Towards the rear of the hall is a grand staircase wrapping up and around thick marble pillars. In a shadowy nook, seemingly hidden away near the staircase is a relatively unremarkable door, with a small, brass placard above reading ‘Basement’. There are three other, eloquently decorated doors leading out of the hall, two on the main floor and one at the top of the stairs. The ground floor doors lead to the Kitchen and Dining Hall while the stairs led to the Bedroom./Kitchen/Library/Bedroom/Basement
Kitchen/As you walk into the kitchen you notice the Chef standing by the two stoves presumably cooking up something. The appliances are notably outdated but seem to be well maintained. While looking around you notice a knife sitting out on one of the counters that seems to have been used recently./Dining Hall/Main Hall
Bathroom/A clean, white room, large enough to hold several people at a time. You notice a large, jacuzzi style tub as well as two stand alone sinks attached to marble pillars. There is a distinctly bad odor emanating from the room. The killer may have used this place to clean up after the crime./Bedroom
Dining Hall/As you walk into the dining room you notice a large oak dining table ready to seat several guests. The silverware looks to be made of pure silver and is polished very well. Up above sits a chandelier sparkling in the light. Among the empty glassware on the table, you notice a bottle that has a greenish liquid in it that doesn't seem to belong./Kitchen
Basement/When a house is built with love, the first evidence of such is in the solid construction of the basement, and this house is the worst example you’d seen in quite some time. The walls are gray and drab, built of quarried stone. There is seemingly an unidentifiable, grotesque ooze dripping down the walls which pools in the corner of the room. The slight slant in the floor makes it feel as if you were constantly in danger of falling over, and never sure of your footing. The dim lighting doesn’t help with the situation either, all light either coming from the door you’d left slightly ajar on your trip down here, or the single naked bulb hanging in the middle of the room. Understandably, there is no one present in the basement other than you. In the gloom you can make out various crates, boxes and shelves roughly stacked together. The dirt floor seems to have been disturbed recently. Could someone have been digging here?/Main Hall
Dev/Dev room, shouldn't see this ever//